Also, each battalion was included in the training of the Sanyan Air Force.
In the Shina period, they were deployed in various positions as air force commanders.
They were trained in various positions.
Since the beginning of the Great East Asia War,
and as a member of Yamaguchi Chujo, they participated in various operations since the beginning of the Hawaii War.
In the East Pacific Operation, they were attacked by the enemy at once.
They were sent to the Kuchikukan, which was finally brought to the Yaware Tamatsukiru and Chuhyun Islands,
and were able to safely send all their subordinates.
They were able to stay in the ship with Yamaguchi Chujo,
and were able to support the ship and the fate together as a team.
Next, I would like to report on the situation at the time,
and the records of the soldiers who witnessed the situation.
In June of the 17th, the Operation was implemented in the East Pacific.
Our air force, the Tamaguchi Chujo Division,
was moving in the direction of the Seisei Island,
and while measuring the direction of the enemy's main fleet,
they flew to Kansai one after another.
On this day, the wind was 2,000 meters strong,
and the wind was strong in the southeast,
and the wind was strong in the east,
and it was difficult to fly to Kansai.
After the operation, about two hours later,
the enemy fleet, which was based on the Maruseki,
was discovered in the north of the air force.
It was released.
At times, the sun was already setting,
because the morning of the Japanese time,
and the time of the sun was already setting.
Our military fleet, the Marumaru,
was directly under the command of Commander Yamaguchi.
The enemy was already in battle,
and the enemy was already taking the lives of the casualties.
The battle was really tough.
Our fleet was completely stopped,
and the enemy air force, which was supported by the powerful air force,
and the air force, and the air force,
Our military was finally able to destroy
the enemy air force, the high-ranking cruiser,
and each and every one of them.
We were able to destroy not only that,
but also the other air force.
The enemy planes that had been being destroyed
from the dawn of the war,
were already counting over a hundred.
The brave soldiers of the sea,
were already taking the lives of the casualties.
However, our forces,
were already at the bottom of the enemy base,
and were already swimming for a few hours.
They were already burning their guns,
and their planes were also wounded.
They were already using all their strength.